A lot of your anxiety would be absolutely normal anxiety anyone might have in the same situation. The thing to keep remembering – again and again and again is this – you will get better with time and the realization that others care about you. I’m here to listen, tell me what’s  on your mind. Keep in mind that fight or flight is not like a disease – it is a perfectly normal physical response – just in your case it is being triggered through fear cycles – but it’s not ‘against’ the body – in fact it’s trying to PROTECT the body I know how you feel and you just have to realize it’s your body going into fight or flight that’s spiking your anxiety. You have maybe experienced this extreme anxiety a thousand times and what has happened apart from feeling terrified? You WILL keep making progress and I’m here to help you all the way through it! Healing occurs over time, it’s going to take a lot of effort but you will see yourself make significant progress. Our minds need a lot of convincing and it will take some time for these feelings to subside. You are getting this trust me. It’s pretty hard to reassure you on this because the anxious mind is a hard beast to tame – but all I can say is that you WILL be free of this within weeks months or a year – not long to have anxiety considering some people have it for 40 YEARS and those people who HAVE had it for 40 years are still here. I will always be here to talk with you when you need me. Depression isn't anything to joke about, but it also isn't something that is abnormal so don't worry. I am here to help you get better. Humans are really strong beings, and you are one of the strongest humans I know, don't give up! I completely get that depression can bring on suicidal thoughts, but you have to realize that you are loved and cared for very much. At your lowest point, suicide may come as the easiest solution, but I assure you it solves nothing. There are services out there that connect you to someone who will listen. Solution: if you are feeling lonely, connect with a friend or family member. 