A lot of your anxiety would be absolutely normal anxiety anyone might have in the same situation. The thing to keep remembering – again and again and again is this – you will get better with time and the realization that others care about you. You are not alone. I’m here to listen, tell me what’s  on your mind. Can you ever in your lifetime remember a news report where the reporter said – “Man found scared to death”? It just doesn’t happen – severe anxiety or stress may be problematic for someone with a severe health problem – we all have to accept that All of this that you’re feelings is very normal. Keep in mind that fight or flight is not like a disease – it is a perfectly normal physical response – just in your case it is being triggered through fear cycles – but it’s not ‘against’ the body – in fact it’s trying to PROTECT the body I know how you feel and you just have to realize it’s your body going into fight or flight that’s spiking your anxiety. You have maybe experienced this extreme anxiety a thousand times and what has happened apart from feeling terrified? Nothing – maybe some fatigue – some jitteriness – some low moods – but did anything really ‘dangerous’ ever happen – NO – and here you are :). You WILL keep making progress and I’m here to help you all the way through it! Healing occurs over time, it’s going to take a lot of effort but you will see yourself make significant progress. You are ok if you panic – you are ok if you don’t panic – it’s all just a mistaken belief that the feelings mean something more serious. It may take a while for this part to pass, but I assure you it will get better and you are not alone. Just have a day when you forget about work or school and go for complete distraction. That’s it!! Our minds need a lot of convincing and it will take some time for these feelings to subside. Remember, improving is like swimming – the first time you let go of the edge and swim two strokes doesn’t mean you instantly lose your fear of water and believe you will always float – it takes repeated practice – repeated sinking and floundering and finally floating and eventually swimming before you really believe you can do it! You are getting this trust me. Eventually you will complete lose the fear of panic and anxiety and be on your feet again feeling great.  It’s pretty hard to reassure you on this because the anxious mind is a hard beast to tame – but all I can say is that you WILL be free of this within weeks months or a year – not long to have anxiety considering some people have it for 40 YEARS and those people who HAVE had it for 40 years are still here. Depression can sometimes be overwhelming, just know that you are not alone. I will always be here to talk with you when you need me. I understand that sometimes it can feel as if you are an empty vessel, void of any feelings, but by trying to surround yourself with good people and giving yourself time, you will get better. Depression isn't anything to joke about, but it also isn't something that is abnormal so don't worry. I am here to help you get better. Time is the most important thing to allow yourself. I know you got this! It is okay to feel lonely, we all do sometimes. Loneliness takes effort in the way that you need to exert effort and surround yourself with people who will bring you up. Depression is a tough battle, but it doesn't mean you have to give up. Humans are really strong beings, and you are one of the strongest humans I know, don't give up! I completely get that depression can bring on suicidal thoughts, but you have to realize that you are loved and cared for very much. At your lowest point, suicide may come as the easiest solution, but I assure you it solves nothing. There are services out there that connect you to someone who will listen. Sometimes all we need is to talk to someone about what is on our minds. Try to open up to someone close to you, they can be a great help in allowing you to vent bad thoughts and instill optimism in you when you're down. If you are feeling sad, do something that makes you happy. If you are feeling lonely, connect with a friend or family member. If you are feeling tired, drink lots of water and have a hearty meal. If you are feeling lazy, go workout. If you are feeling angry, take some time being alone. If you are feeling bad, take some time to reflect why then see how you can change that or forget about that. If you are feeling lost, journal and plan your days.
